docs(configuration options): warn never put objects in packageRules array (#16755)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

Important to know: Renovate will evaluate all `packageRules` and not stop once it gets a first match.
You should order your `packageRules` in order of importance so that later rules can override settings from earlier rules if needed.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! warning

>     Never put any `object`-type configuration option in a `packageRules` array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Avoid nesting any `object`-type configuration in a `packageRules` array, such as a `major` or `minor` block.
```
